Create rule S5344(python): Passwords should not be stored in plain-text or with a fast hashing algorithm (#3715)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5344/python/how-to-fix-it/hashlib.adoc

def hash_password(password, salt):
    return scrypt(
        password,
        salt,
        n=1 << 10,
        r=8,
        p=2,
        dklen=64) # Noncompliant
----

Code targeting PBKDF2:

[source,python,diff-id=266,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
from hashlib import pbkdf2_hmac

def hash_password(password, salt):
    return pbkdf2_hmac(
        'sha1',
        password,
        salt,
        500_000) # Noncompliant
----

==== Compliant solution

[source,python,diff-id=206,diff-type=compliant]
----
from hashlib import scrypt

def hash_password(password, salt):
    return scrypt(
        password,
        salt,
        n=1 << 17,
        r=8,
        p=1,
        dklen=64)
----

Code targeting PBKDF2:

[source,python,diff-id=266,diff-type=compliant]
----
from hashlib import pbkdf2_hmac

def hash_password(password, salt):
    return pbkdf2_hmac(
        'sha256',
        password,
        salt,
        600_000)
----

=== How does this work?

include::../../common/fix/password-hashing.adoc[]

The following sections provide guidance on the usage of these secure
password-hashing algorithms as provided by hashlib.

include::../../common/fix/scrypt-parameters.adoc[]

> The values recommended by OWASP are the following:
> 
> [source,python]
> ----
> OWASP_1 = {
>     "n": 1 << 17,
>     "r": 8,
>     "p": 1,
>     "dklen": 64,
> }
> 
> OWASP_2 = {
>     "n": 1 << 16,
>     "r": 8,
>     "p": 2,
>     "dklen": 64,
> }
> 
> OWASP_3 = {
>     "n": 1 << 15,
>     "r": 8,
>     "p": 3,
>     "dklen": 64,
> }
> 
> OWASP_4 = {
>     "n": 1 << 14,
>     "r": 8,
>     "p": 5,
>     "dklen": 64,
> }
> 
> OWASP_5 = {
>     "n": 1 << 13,
>     "r": 8,
>     "p": 10,
>     "dklen": 64,
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use values recommended by OWASP, you can use an object crafted as follows:

[source,python]
----
OWASP_1 = {
    "n": 1 << 17,
    "r": 8,
    "p": 1,
    "dklen": 64,
}
```

> # To use these examples, you can use the dictionnary as a ``**kwargs`` variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# To use this example, you can use the dictionary as a ``**kwargs`` variable:
```
